 poncho! that’s quite enough.
 morty, that’s poncho. (another man and a girl walk into the room.) this is roger and annie.
 and i am dr. xenon bloom.
 i don’t know why, but the entire security system has shut down. and i’m afraid the exhibits are unlocked.
 anatomy park’s greatest attraction, young man, isn’t the music or the food or the pirates of the pancreas.
 it is first and foremost a living museum of humanity’s most noble and ferocious diseases.
 hepatitis won’t follow us into the respiratory system!
 so the brain isn’t getting enough oxygen. that’s why security is offline.
 *points his cane at alexander* put that back on!
 whatever you do, don’t fire that thing in here! we must save ruben. this is my life’s work.
 it’s alright, my dear. nearly all human lungs contain a strain of this bacteria, but the scar tissue… *prods it with his cane, seeing something has escaped from the scar tissue* …keeps them dormant. *looks up toward morty, who is getting close to the catwalk* morty! get down!
 tuberculosis, coming in fast!
 *grabs poncho’s arm* no! do you know what you’ve done?!
 get to the digestive tract! he’s coughing!
 you mean the panda express? *chuckles* kidding, i-i’m kidding. (as he speaks, poncho and roger stock up on bottled water from the panda express.) the body is beginning to constrict and fill with gas. we’re inside a corpse, my boy. anatomy park is doomed.
 the digestive tract is the evacuation route. get it? there’s an emergency station in the colon with a ray that can enlarge us all.
 morty. the scar sacs containing the tuberculosis were sabotaged. this disaster was an inside job. keep your eyes on annie. she was written up several times by her manager at the churro stand.
 *excitedly* and then we get to the large intestine!
 *whispers* don’t move. gonorrhea can’t see us if we don’t move.
 wait! i was wrong! i was thinking of a t-rex.
 yes. why?
 are you mad?!
 the sphincter dam. we built it when ruben became incontinent, but it was not designed to hold a corpse-load.
 that’s bubonic plague! what are you doing with that, poncho?
 poncho, you son of a bitch! you released the tuberculosis so you could steal from me?
 the body is decaying! (bits of debris begin to fall from the ‘ceiling’.) the arterial transit system is useless! we can try the service shuttle. it’s connected to the skeletal system. that’s why we call it the bone train. *to annie* would you like to ride the bone train, miss?
 how about you, morty? would you like to ride the bone train?
 there’s no autopilot. one of us will have to stay here and operate it manually.
 no, you’re right. it was a dick move for me to even pause like that. this is all my fault. you go on.
 e. coli outbreak. hurry!
 oh wait, there is an autopilot. (e. coli surround him.) waaait! ...okay, never mind, i wanted to sacrifice myself anywaaaaayyyy!
