 morty! you gotta come on. jus'... you gotta come with me. i got a surprise for you, morty. *spills booze on morty's bed* come on, i got a surprise for you. *drags morty by the ankle* come on, we gotta go, gotta get what do you think of morty. i had to... i had to do it. i had- i had to- i had to make a bomb, morty. i had to create a bomb. we're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, morty. come on, morty. just take it easy, morty. it's gonna be good. right when i drop the bomb you know, i want you to have somebody, you know? and jessica's gonna be eve. and so that's the surprise, morty. i-i get what you're trying to say, morty. listen, i'm not... *spills beer down his shirt* you don't got… y-you don’t gotta worry about me trying to fool around with jessica or mess around with jessica or anything. i'm not that kind of guy, morty. you- you don't have to you know what, morty? you're right. *throws empty bottle into the backseat* let's forget the girl all together. she, she's probably nothing but trouble, anyways. *presses a button* get off of me, morty! (at the same time) come on! what’s gotten into you? if you love earth so much why don’t you marry it? *pushes morty off of him* what are you, crazy? alright, alright, morty! alright. i'll- i'll land. i'll land. i'll land. i'll land the thing. i’ll we'll park it right here, morty. right here on the side of the ree… road you know what? that was all a test, morty. just an elaborate test to sure. why not? i don’t, i don't know. y-you know what, mo- what, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? you mm, there is no god, summer. you gotta rip that band-aid off now. listen, jerry. i-i-i don't want to overstep my bounds or anything. this was a good breakfast, beth. you really made the crap out of those there you are, morty. listen to me. i got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. i need an extra pair of hands. it's pretty obvious, morty. i froze him. now listen i need your help, morty. i mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business. (belch) it's important. come on, morty. do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, morty? what do you think i can just do it all by myself? come on! i'll do it later, morty. he'll be fine. let's go. there she is. all right. come on, morty. let's go. it's dimension 35-c, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, morty, called a mega tree, and there's fruit in those trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. i'm talking about mega seeds. they're they're incredibly powerful, and i need them to help me with my research, morty. all right, all right, calm down. listen to me, morty. i know that new situations can be intimidating. you're looking around, and it's all scary and different, but, you know, m-meeting them head on, charging right into them like a bull that's how we grow as people. i'm no stranger to scary situations. i deal with them all the time. now, if you just stick with me, morty, we're gonna be- i never seen that thing before in my life. i don't even know what the hell it is! we got to get out of here, morty! it's gonna kill us! we're gonna die! we're gonna die, morty! oh, morty, take a deep breath. breathe that breathe that fresh air in, morty. y-you smell that? that's the smell of adventure, morty. that's that's the smell of of of of a whole different evolutionary timeline. are you joking me? i mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. look at that thing right there. it defies all logic, that thing. ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. morty, you see this? you see what we just stumbled upon, morty? any idea what that is down there? that's right, morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what i'm talking about, morty. that's where my seeds are. if we would have done what you wanted, i would have never have found them, because you're so in love with school. you ask a lot of questions, morty. not very charismatic. it makes you kind of an (belch) under (belch) underfoot figure. just take these shoes, morty. they're (belch) special grappling shoes. when you're wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just walk on any surface you want, morty up, down, below, turn around to the left. these things really bring it all together. you have to turn them on, morty! the shoes have to be turned on! morty, oh, you really d-did a number on (offscreen) your legs right now. you know, you got to turn (onscreen) the shoes on, morty, for them to work. yeah, look i turned mine on. i had no problem getting down here. it was a leisurely breeze. yeah, i can see that. but do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds, morty? okay, hold on just a second, morty. sure thing, rick. not that you asked, morty, but what just happened there is i went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken-leg serum at every corner drugstore. (offscreen) the stuff was all over the place, morty. there's just one problem, morty one little hang-up. the dimension i visited was so advanced, that (belch) they had also halted the aging process, and everyone there was young, morty, and they had been forever. i was the only old person there, morty. (belch) it was like i was some sort of, you know, celebrity, walking around. i-i was fascinating to them. there were a lot of attractive women there, morty, and they they they they all wanted time with me. i had a lot of fun with a lot of young ladies, but i spent so much time there, my interdimensional portal device it's got no charge left, morty. it's got no charge left. it's as good as garbage, morty. it's not gonna work anymore, morty. there's ways to get back home, morty. it's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. we're gonna have to go through interdimensional customs, so you're gonna have to do me a real solid. when we get to customs, i'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and i'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, morty. put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit. well, somebody's got to do it, morty. th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum, morty and they'll fall right out of mine. i've done this too many times, morty. i mean, you're young. y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut, yet malleable. you got to do it for grandpa, morty. y(belch)-you've got to put these seeds inside your butt. come on, morty. please, morty. you have to do it, morty. i don't like it here, morty. i can't abide bureaucracy. i don't like being told where to go and what to do. i consider it a violation. did you get those seeds all the way up your butt? that means they're good ones. you're a good kid, morty. those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. you've been a huge help to me. i'm gonna be able to do a-(belch)-all kind of things with them. it's gonna be great, morty. a-(belch)-all kinds of science. why does he have to go over there? what new (belch) what new machine? run, morty! run! don't think about it! ooh! oh, nice, morty! the student becomes the teacher. i need to type in the coordinates to our home world, morty. cover me. they're just robots, morty! it's okay to shoot them! they're robots! it's a figure of speech, morty. they're bureaucrats. i don't respect them. just keep shooting, morty. you have no idea what prison is like here! come on, morty! we got to get the hell out of here! you can get his number later. come on, morty. we got to get out of here. you got to get those seeds out of your ass. oh, hi, jerry. (poorly acting) oh, my goodness, morty! what are you doing out of class? we talked about this. your your parents and i are very disappointed in in this behavior ... no? no takers? you guys should really not be touching that stuff. it's beyond your reasoning. takes one to know one. what what are you guys doing with my stuff? a nursing home? what are what are you, nuts? i'm a genius. i build robots for fun. what are you trying to say about morty? that he's stupid or something? i-i-i don't know what you mean by that. can can can you be a little bit more specific? morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi. the square root of pi, morty. go! morty, tell your parents the first law of thermodynamics. i told the both of you school is stupid. it's not how you learn things. morty's a gifted child. he has a special mind. that's why he's my little helper. he's like me. he's gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life. he's too smart for school. he needs to keep hanging out and helping me. okay, jerry. you drive a hard bargain, but what am i supposed to do? say no? you you really wear the pants around here. i just want you to know, between us, from now on, it's gonna be clear communication. no idea what you're talking about. full disclosure, morty it's not. temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity. yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, morty. i'm sorry, morty. it's a bummer. in reality, you're as dumb as they come and i needed those seeds real bad, and i had to give them up just to get your parents off my back, so now we're gonna have to go get more