A fish is any member of a group of animals that consist of all gill-bearing aquatic craniate animals that lack limbs with digits. They form a sister group to the tunicates, together forming the olfactores. Included in this definition are the living hagfish, lampreys, and cartilaginous and bony fish as well as various extinct related groups. Tetrapods emerged within lobe-finned fishes, so cladistically they are fish as well. However, traditionally fish are rendered obsolete or paraphyletic by excluding the tetrapods (i.e., the amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals which all descended from within the same ancestry). Because in this manner the term "fish" is defined negatively as a paraphyletic group, it is not considered a formal taxonomic grouping in systematic biology. The traditional term pisces (also ichthyes) is considered a typological, but not a phylogenetic classification.
The earliest organisms that can be classified as fish were soft-bodied chordates that first appeared during the Cambrian period. Although they lacked a true spine, they possessed notochords which allowed them to be more agile than their invertebrate counterparts. Fish would continue to evolve through the Paleozoic era, diversifying into a wide variety of forms. Many fish of the Paleozoic developed external armor that protected them from predators. The first fish with jaws appeared in the Silurian period, after which many (such as sharks) became formidable marine predators rather than just the prey of arthropods.
Most fish are ectothermic ("cold-blooded"), allowing their body temperatures to vary as ambient temperatures change, though some of the large active swimmers like white shark and tuna can hold a higher core temperature.[1][2] Fish are abundant in most bodies of water. They can be found in nearly all aquatic environments, from high mountain streams (e.g., char and gudgeon) to the abyssal and even hadal depths of the deepest oceans (e.g., gulpers and anglerfish). With 33,100 described species, fish exhibit greater species diversity than any other group of vertebrates.[3]
Fish are an important resource for humans worldwide, especially as food. Commercial and subsistence fishers hunt fish in wild fisheries (see fishing) or farm them in ponds or in cages in the ocean (see aquaculture). They are also caught by recreational fishers, kept as pets, raised by fishkeepers, and exhibited in public aquaria. Fish have had a role in culture through the ages, serving as deities, religious symbols, and as the subjects of art, books and movies. Fish do not represent a monophyletic group, and therefore the "evolution of fish" is not studied as a single event.[5]
Early fish from the fossil record are represented by a group of small, jawless, armored fish known as ostracoderms. Jawless fish lineages are mostly extinct. An extant clade, the lampreys may approximate ancient pre-jawed fish. The first jaws are found in Placodermi fossils. The diversity of jawed vertebrates may indicate the evolutionary advantage of a jawed mouth. It is unclear if the advantage of a hinged jaw is greater biting force, improved respiration, or a combination of factors.
Fish may have evolved from a creature similar to a coral-like sea squirt, whose larvae resemble primitive fish in important ways. The first ancestors of fish may have kept the larval form into adulthood (as some sea squirts do today), although perhaps the reverse is the case.
The term "fish" most precisely describes any non-tetrapod craniate (i.e. an animal with a skull and in most cases a backbone) that has gills throughout life and whose limbs, if any, are in the shape of fins.[12] Unlike groupings such as birds or mammals, fish are not a single clade but a paraphyletic collection of taxa, including hagfishes, lampreys, sharks and rays, ray-finned fish, coelacanths, and lungfish.[13][14] Indeed, lungfish and coelacanths are closer relatives of tetrapods (such as mammals, birds, amphibians, etc.) than of other fish such as ray-finned fish or sharks, so the last common ancestor of all fish is also an ancestor to tetrapods. As paraphyletic groups are no longer recognised in modern systematic biology, the use of the term "fish" as a biological group must be avoided.
Many types of aquatic animals commonly referred to as "fish" are not fish in the sense given above; examples include shellfish, cuttlefish, starfish, crayfish and jellyfish. In earlier times, even biologists did not make a distinction – sixteenth century natural historians classified also seals, whales, amphibians, crocodiles, even hippopotamuses, as well as a host of aquatic invertebrates, as fish.[15] However, according to the definition above, all mammals, including cetaceans like whales and dolphins, are not fish. In some contexts, especially in aquaculture, the true fish are referred to as finfish (or fin fish) to distinguish them from these other animals. Each criterion has exceptions. Tuna, swordfish, and some species of sharks show some warm-blooded adaptations—they can heat their bodies significantly above ambient water temperature.[13] Streamlining and swimming performance varies from fish such as tuna, salmon, and jacks that can cover 10–20 body-lengths per second to species such as eels and rays that swim no more than 0.5 body-lengths per second.[16] Many groups of freshwater fish extract oxygen from the air as well as from the water using a variety of different structures. Lungfish have paired lungs similar to those of tetrapods, gouramis have a structure called the labyrinth organ that performs a similar function, while many catfish, such as Corydoras extract oxygen via the intestine or stomach.[17] Body shape and the arrangement of the fins is highly variable, covering such seemingly un-fishlike forms as seahorses, pufferfish, anglerfish, and gulpers. Similarly, the surface of the skin may be naked (as in moray eels), or covered with scales of a variety of different types usually defined as placoid (typical of sharks and rays), cosmoid (fossil lungfish and coelacanths), ganoid (various fossil fish but also living gars and bichirs), cycloid, and ctenoid (these last two are found on most bony fish).[18] There are even fish that live mostly on land or lay their eggs on land near water.[19] Mudskippers feed and interact with one another on mudflats and go underwater to hide in their burrows.[20] A single, an undescribed species of Phreatobius, has been called a true "land fish" as this worm-like catfish strictly lives among waterlogged leaf litter.[21][22] Many species live in underground lakes, underground rivers or aquifers and are popularly known as cavefish.[23]
Fish range in size from the huge 16-metre (52 ft) whale shark to the tiny 8-millimetre (0.3 in) stout infantfish.
Fish species diversity is roughly divided equally between marine (oceanic) and freshwater ecosystems. Coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific constitute the center of diversity for marine fishes, whereas continental freshwater fishes are most diverse in large river basins of tropical rainforests, especially the Amazon, Congo, and Mekong basins. More than 5,600 fish species inhabit Neotropical freshwaters alone, such that Neotropical fishes represent about 10% of all vertebrate species on the Earth. Exceptionally rich sites in the Amazon basin, such as Cantão State Park, can contain more freshwater fish species than occur in all of Europe. Most fish exchange gases using gills on either side of the pharynx. Gills consist of threadlike structures called filaments. Each filament contains a capillary network that provides a large surface area for exchanging oxygen and carbon dioxide. Fish exchange gases by pulling oxygen-rich water through their mouths and pumping it over their gills. In some fish, capillary blood flows in the opposite direction to the water, causing countercurrent exchange. The gills push the oxygen-poor water out through openings in the sides of the pharynx. Some fish, like sharks and lampreys, possess multiple gill openings. However, bony fish have a single gill opening on each side. This opening is hidden beneath a protective bony cover called an operculum.
Juvenile bichirs have external gills, a very primitive feature that they share with larval amphibians. Fish from multiple groups can live out of the water for extended periods. Amphibious fish such as the mudskipper can live and move about on land for up to several days,[dubious – discuss] or live in stagnant or otherwise oxygen depleted water. Many such fish can breathe air via a variety of mechanisms. The skin of anguillid eels may absorb oxygen directly. The buccal cavity of the electric eel may breathe air. Catfish of the families Loricariidae, Callichthyidae, and Scoloplacidae absorb air through their digestive tracts.[25] Lungfish, with the exception of the Australian lungfish, and bichirs have paired lungs similar to those of tetrapods and must surface to gulp fresh air through the mouth and pass spent air out through the gills. Gar and bowfin have a vascularized swim bladder that functions in the same way. Loaches, trahiras, and many catfish breathe by passing air through the gut. Mudskippers breathe by absorbing oxygen across the skin (similar to frogs). A number of fish have evolved so-called accessory breathing organs that extract oxygen from the air. Labyrinth fish (such as gouramis and bettas) have a labyrinth organ above the gills that performs this function. A few other fish have structures resembling labyrinth organs in form and function, most notably snakeheads, pikeheads, and the Clariidae catfish family.
Breathing air is primarily of use to fish that inhabit shallow, seasonally variable waters where the water's oxygen concentration may seasonally decline. Fish dependent solely on dissolved oxygen, such as perch and cichlids, quickly suffocate, while air-breathers survive for much longer, in some cases in water that is little more than wet mud. At the most extreme, some air-breathing fish are able to survive in damp burrows for weeks without water, entering a state of aestivation (summertime hibernation) until water returns.
Air breathing fish can be divided into obligate air breathers and facultative air breathers. Obligate air breathers, such as the African lungfish, must breathe air periodically or they suffocate. Facultative air breathers, such as the catfish Hypostomus plecostomus, only breathe air if they need to and will otherwise rely on their gills for oxygen. Most air breathing fish are facultative air breathers that avoid the energetic cost of rising to the surface and the fitness cost of exposure to surface predators.[25]
Steven Universe is an American animated television series created by Rebecca Sugar for Cartoon Network. It is the coming-of-age story of a young boy named Steven Universe, who lives in the fictional town of Beach City with the "Crystal Gems" – Pearl, Garnet, and Amethyst, three magical humanoid aliens. Steven, who is half-Gem, goes on adventures with his friends and helps the Gems protect the world from their own kind. Sugar developed the series while working as a writer and storyboard artist on Adventure Time, and it premiered on November 4, 2013 as Cartoon Network's first animated series to be solely created by a woman.
The series has received critical acclaim for its art design, music, voice acting, characterization, promotion of LGBTQ themes and its science-fantasy worldbuilding, and has a broad and active fanbase. It was nominated for two Emmy Awards and five Annie Awards. Books, comics and a video game based on the series have been released.
Steven Universe was renewed for a fourth and fifth season in March 2016. The fifth season premiered on May 29, 2017.
Contents  [hide] 
1	Setting and synopsis
2	Development
2.1	Concept and creation
2.2	Voice casting
2.3	Production
2.4	Music
3	Broadcast
4	Episodes
4.1	Crossover
5	Other media
5.1	Short films
5.2	Companion books
5.3	Video games
5.4	Comics
5.5	Toys
6	Fandom
7	Reception
7.1	Critical response
7.1.1	Production values
7.1.2	Writing and themes
7.1.3	Gender and sexuality
7.2	Awards and nominations
8	Home media
8.1	Video on demand
8.2	DVD
8.3	Blu-ray
9	References
10	External links
Setting and synopsis[edit]
See also: List of Steven Universe characters
The series is set in the fictional Beach City on the Delmarva Peninsula[5] on the American East Coast, where the Crystal Gems live in an ancient beachside temple, protecting humanity from monsters and other threats. Ageless alien warriors, they project feminine humanoid forms from magical gemstones that are the core of their being. The Crystal Gems are Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl and Steven, a young half-human, half-Gem boy who inherited his gemstone from his mother, the Crystal Gems' past leader Rose Quartz. As Steven tries to figure out his gradually expanding range of powers, he spends his days with his human father Greg, his friend Connie, his magical pet Lion, the other people in Beach City, or the Gems. He explores the abilities passed down to him by his mother, which include fusion—the ability of Gems to merge their bodies and abilities to form new and more powerful personalities.
The first season slowly reveals that the Crystal Gems are remnants of a great interstellar empire. Many places they visit are ruins once important to Gem culture, but now derelict for millennia. The Gems are cut off from their homeworld, and Steven learns that many of the monsters and artifacts they encounter are Gems who, corrupted by a Gem weapon of mass destruction, can no longer maintain rational humanoid forms. In parallel, flashbacks relayed by Greg develop the history of Rose Quartz and her relationships. By the end of the first season, Steven learns that, millennia ago, the Homeworld Gems intended to sterilize the Earth to incubate new Gems within it, but Rose Quartz led the other Crystal Gems in a violent and apparently successful rebellion against these genocidal plans. Now, 5,000 years later, the Homeworld's machinations once again extend towards the Earth with the arrival of two hostile envoys, Peridot and Jasper. In the second season, Peridot is convinced to ally with (and eventually joins) the Crystal Gems in order to prevent Earth's destruction by a Gem "geo-weapon" growing in the planet's core. In the third season, Lapis Lazuli, an errant Homeworld Gem, decides to live on Earth with Peridot; Jasper is defeated and imprisoned; and Steven learns that his mother killed one of Gem society's matriarchs, Pink Diamond. In the fourth season, as Steven wrestles with his conflicted feelings about his mother's actions, Homeworld's remaining leaders begin to turn their full attention toward Earth once again. The fifth season begins with Steven being taken to Homeworld to stand trial for his mother's supposed crimes.
Development[edit]
Concept and creation[edit]
The titular character, Steven, is loosely based on Sugar's younger brother Steven Sugar,[6] who is one of the series's background artists.[7] Growing up, Sugar would collaborate with Steven and other friends to create comics.[8] In an interview with The New York Times, she commented on developing the background of the show's protagonist, expressing her desire to base the character from the viewpoint of her brother growing up "where you're so comfortable in your life because you get all the attention, but you also want to rise up and not be the little brother."[9]
Beach City, the setting of the series, is loosely based on Rehoboth Beach, Bethany Beach, and Dewey Beach, Delaware, all places that Sugar visited as a child.[6] The supporting characters Lars and Sadie were originally created in Sugar's college days.[10] The Gems are, according to Sugar, all "some version of me... neurotic, lazy, decisive".[11] She wanted their gems to reflect their personalities – Pearl's perfect smoothness, Amethyst's coarseness, and Garnet's air of mystery.[12]
The unusually strong female presence in a series about a boy – all major characters except Steven and Greg are female – is intentional, according to Sugar. She intended to "tear down and play with the semiotics of gender in cartoons for children" because she considered it absurd that shows for boys should be fundamentally different from those for girls. In terms of plot, according to her, the series is developing towards a far-off end goal, although everything in between is kept flexible, in part, because her own intentions have "changed since I've started because I've grown up a lot" while working on Steven Universe.[13]
Sugar said that Steven Universe was influenced by the anime series Future Boy Conan and Revolutionary Girl Utena, as well as by The Simpsons.[14] Musically, she considers Aimee Mann "a huge influence".[15] She described a theory underlying the series as "reverse escapism", that is, the notion that fantasy characters would become interested in real life and would want to participate in it. Steven personifies this "love affair between fantasy and reality".[7] In terms of art, the style of animation pioneer Lotte Reiniger inspired the art of the episode "The Answer".[16]
Voice casting[edit]

Zach Callison (Steven)

Estelle (Garnet)

Deedee Magno (Pearl)
19-year-old American actor Zach Callison, who has appeared in several animated series and films, voices Steven in his first leading role on television. Garnet, the leader of the Crystal Gems, is voiced by Estelle, a noted British singer, songwriter and actress. She was asked by Cartoon Network to take the part, her first voice acting role.[17]
For her colleagues, the actress Michaela Dietz and the actress and The Party singer Deedee Magno, the roles of Amethyst and Pearl were also their first part in an animated production.[18][19] The comedian and writer Tom Scharpling, who voices Steven's father Greg, is better known for his radio work, notably as the host of The Best Show with Tom Scharpling. Grace Rolek, who plays the part of Steven's friend Connie, was 16 years old at the series's start, and has appeared as a voice actress in animated productions since the age of five or six.[20]
Production[edit]

A part of the storyboard and script from the episode "Island Adventure". The storyboard artists for the show are also the writers, and create script and storyboards in conjunction.
According to Sugar, production for Steven Universe began while she was working on Adventure Time. Her last episode for the latter series was "Simon & Marcy"; following that episode, working on both series simultaneously "became impossible to do". Similarly, she encountered difficulty in the production of the episode "Bad Little Boy".[21] As executive producer, Sugar works on every part of the series including art, animation and sound, but considers herself "the most hands on" at the storyboarding stage.[22]
In the development process for the series, the outline for an episode is passed to storyboarders, who then draw and write the episode simultaneously. The resulting storyboards are then animated based on traditional paper drawings by one of two Korean studios, Sunmin and Rough Draft,[23] based on the production crew's designs.[7]
On November 14, 2013, 13 additional episodes were ordered for the first season.[24] On July 25, 2014, the series was renewed for a second season,[25] and began airing on March 13, 2015. It was again renewed in July 2015 for a third season, and in March 2016 the second and third seasons were split into two to create five seasons.[26][27]
Music[edit]
Steven Universe features songs and musical numbers produced by Sugar along with her story writers, who collaborate on the lyrics for each song. According to Sugar, not every episode is meant to feature a song. She has instead opted to use them only occasionally to avoid forcing creativity.[21] Most of the incidental music is composed by chiptune/piano duo Aivi & Surasshu, with guitars by Stemage.[28]
The show relies heavily on leitmotifs for its soundtrack, with various instruments, genre influences, and melodies allocated to specific characters as they appear on screen. For example, the character Pearl is often accompanied by piano, Garnet is represented by synth bass sounds and Amethyst is an eclectic drum machine, with electric bass and some of her own synths. Embedded in the music are influences from pop artists such as Michael Jackson and Estelle herself.[29]
A first soundtrack album, Steven Universe Soundtrack: Volume 1, was released on June 2, 2017.[30] The soundtrack debuted at number 22 on the Billboard 200,[31] number 2 on the Soundtracks chart,[32] and number 3 on the Digital Albums chart.[33]
Broadcast[edit]
Main article: List of Steven Universe episodes
The pilot episode for Steven Universe was released on Cartoon Network's video platform on May 21, 2013,[34] and again in an edited version on July 20.[35] The pilot was also exhibited at the 2013 San Diego Comic-Con,[36] and Rebecca Sugar hosted a 30-minute panel about Steven Universe at the 2013 New York Comic Con on October 13.[37]
The series premiered in the United States on November 4, 2013 on Cartoon Network, with two episodes.[38] In Canada, it began airing on Cartoon Network on November 11, 2013[39] and on Teletoon on April 24, 2014.[40] It also aired on Cartoon Network channels in Australia from beginning on February 3, 2014[41] and in the United Kingdom and Ireland since May 12, 2014.[42] In 2017, the Kenya Film Classification Board banned Steven Universe , together with the cartoon series The Loud House, Hey Arnold!, The Legend of Korra and Adventure Time, from being broadcast in Kenya. According to the Board, the reason was that these series were "glorifying homosexual behavior".[43]
Since 2015, Cartoon Network has often aired new episodes in groups of five within the space of a week (marketed as "Stevenbombs"), rather than in the form of one new episode per week. The long hiatuses between these groups have frustrated fans – causing "agonized cries of a rabid, starving, pained cult following", as The A.V. Club put it. But this format, which is also used for other Cartoon Network series, has, in the publication's view, contributed to the network's improving ratings, as seen in spikes in Google Trends associated with each "bomb". The A.V. Club attributed this effect to Steven Universe's unusual (for a youth cartoon) adherence to an overarching plot, which gives it the potential to generate "massive swells of online interest", similar to the release of full seasons of adult TV series, that are "crucial to a network's vitality in an increasingly internet-based television world".[44] In January 2017, as a promotional tactic, Cartoon Network released one such set of episodes a few weeks early online for a brief time, leading fans to believe that they had been leaked.[45]
Episodes[edit]
Main article: List of Steven Universe episodes
Season	Episodes	Originally aired
First aired	Last aired
Pilot	May 21, 2013
1	52	November 4, 2013	March 12, 2015
2	25	March 13, 2015	January 7, 2016
3	26	January 8, 2016	August 10, 2016
4	25	August 11, 2016	May 11, 2017
5	26[46]	May 29, 2017	TBA
Crossover[edit]
Main article: Say Uncle (Steven Universe)
"Say Uncle", the crossover episode with Uncle Grandpa, aired on April 2, 2015. The episode follows Uncle Grandpa helping Steven use his Gem powers after he's unable to summon his shield. The episode, which Uncle Grandpa acknowledges is not canon, features a literal "plot hole".[47] Steven, Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl had a cameo appearance on the Uncle Grandpa episode "Pizza Eve", along with other Cartoon Network characters from currently running and ended cartoons.[48]
Other media[edit]
Short films[edit]
Main article: List of Steven Universe episodes § Internet shorts
Several short films have been released on the Internet. They include "We Are the Crystal Gems", the extended version of the title theme and second opening sequence, and a short series titled "The Classroom Gems", where the three Crystal Gems teach Steven lessons about Gems in the style of school. "The Classroom Gems" is inspired by omake clips from anime series such as Gunbuster, in which characters educate the audience about aspects of the series's lore.
Companion books[edit]
Several companion books have been published by the Cartoon Network Books imprint of Penguin:
Steven Universe's Guide to the Crystal Gems (October 2015, ISBN 978-0843183160) by series creator Rebecca Sugar contains information about the Crystal Gems.
Quest for Gem Magic (October 2015, ISBN 978-0843183177) by Max Brallier is a "colorful journal and activity book" aimed at 8- to 12-year-olds.
Steven Universe Mad Libs (October 2015, ISBN 978-0843183092) by Walter Burns is a Mad Libs word game book.
Steven Universe: Live from Beach City (February 2016, ISBN 978-0843183498) is a music and activity book with chord charts and sheet music for the major songs from the first season.
What in the Universe? (February 2016, ISBN 978-0843183481) by Jake Black is a book of trivia about Steven and the Gems.
Best Buds Together Fun (June 2016, ISBN 978-1101995167) by Jake Black is a "quiz and activity book" aimed at 8-12 year olds.
The Answer (September 2016, ISBN 978-0399541704) by Rebecca Sugar is a children's book adaptation of the episode "The Answer". It reached no. 7 of the New York Times Best Seller List on October 2, 2016.[49]
Video games[edit]
The tactical role-playing video game Steven Universe: Attack the Light! was released on April 2, 2015 for iOS and Android devices.[50] It was developed by Grumpyface Studios in collaboration with Rebecca Sugar for mobile devices. Players control Steven and the three Crystal Gems in fights against light monsters.[51][52] A sequel, Steven Universe: Save the Light, is to be released for consoles in summer 2017.[53]
A rhythm-based mobile game, Steven Universe: Soundtrack Attack,[54] was released on July 21, 2016 in the United States. In the game, a player-created Gem flees her pursuer through side-scrolling stages set to remixes of the series' music.
Steven Universe characters also appear in Cartoon Network's cart racing video game Formula Cartoon All-Stars, and in the side-scrolling beat-'em-up game Battle Crashers.[55] As with other Cartoon Network series, several browser-based games are made available on the channel's website, including Heap of Trouble, Goat Guardian and Gem Bound.[56]
Comics[edit]
BOOM! Studios has published several limited comics series based on Steven Universe:
A monthly comics series written by Jeremy Sorese and illustrated by Coleman Engle saw its first issue was published in August 2014.[57]
A graphic novel, the first in a planned series, was published by KaBOOM! on April 6, 2016.[58] Also written by Sorese and drawn by Engle, Steven Universe: Too Cool for School focuses on Steven accompanying Connie to school one day.[59]
In 2015, a four-part comics miniseries, Steven Universe and the Crystal Gems, was released.[60][61]
An ongoing series is to be published beginning in January 2017, written by Melanie Gillman and illustrated by Katy Farina.[62]
Toys[edit]
In October 2015, Cartoon Network announced the launch of a line of toys based on Steven Universe, to be sold through specialty retailers. For the 2015 holiday season, Funko will make "Pop!" vinyl figures, and Just Toys will offer various "blind bag" novelty products. In spring 2016, PhatMojo will sell plush figures and foam weapons, and Zag Toys will release collectible bobbleheads and other mini figures. In 2017, Toy Factory is to sell a line of plush and novelty items.[63]
Fandom[edit]

Cosplay of the character Opal, 2015. In Steven Universe, fusions between Gems are larger and often have additional body parts.
Steven Universe has a broad and active fandom. As of April 2016, public interest in the series, as measured by Google Trends, outstripped – at times, by orders of magnitude – that of Cartoon Network's other series. The A.V. Club called this the closest thing possible to "definitive proof that Steven Universe is now Cartoon Network’s flagship series".[44]
Fans of Steven Universe have campaigned against censorship of the series' representation of LGBT relationships in countries other than the United States. A fan campaign persuaded Cartoon Network's French subsidiary to re-record the song "Stronger than You" in a translation that made the singer's love as explicit as in the original,[64] and another was launched in 2016 to protest Cartoon Network's British subsidiary's practice of removing scenes of affection between Gems from the UK broadcasts.[65] Similarly, Swedish fans launched a protest petition after flirting between Gems was changed to unrelated dialogue in the Swedish broadcast of the episode "Hit the Diamond".[66]
According to io9, "while most of the Steven Universe fandom is supportive and welcoming, there is a small subsection that's known for being extreme and hostile under the guise of inclusiveness".[67] In 2015, a fan artist attempted suicide after she was bullied through social media because of the body proportions in her art,[68][69] and in 2016 storyboard artist and writer Lauren Zuke quit Twitter following harassment by fans because of the artist's perceived support for a particular romantic relationship between characters.[67]
Reception[edit]
Critical response[edit]
Steven Universe has received critical acclaim, with critics praising its art, music, voice performances, storytelling, and characterization. As an "equally rewarding watch" for adults and children, according to James Whitbrook in io9,[70] and "one of the stealthiest, smartest, and most beautiful things on the air" in the view of Eric Thurm in Wired,[71] it attracted a quickly growing fan base.[72]
Production values[edit]
Critics praised the "breathtaking beauty",[73] "intriguing, immersive environments"[74] and "loveably goofy aesthetic"[70] of Steven Universe's art. They noted the distinct look imparted by the soft pastel backgrounds,[74] as well as the series's "gorgeous, expressive, clean" animation.[75]
The chiptune-inspired music by the duo of Aivi Tran and Steven "Surasshu" Velema was also often highlighted in reviews, with Oliver Sava in The A.V. Club mentioning its range from "peppy retro" to Ghibli-esque "smooth jazz piano".[74] The musical numbers featured in some episodes are distinguished by their "uplifting determination", according to Thurm.[76] As Whitbrook wrote, they evolve from "little (...) goofy ditties" to become an integral part of the storytelling, with the much-lauded song performed by Estelle in the first season's finale being "a rap about the power of two women in romantic love, delivered during a fight aboard an exploding spaceship. It's as awesome as it sounds".[70] Thurm wrote for Pitchfork that "music matters in Rebecca Sugar’s work", more than even in most musicals, by structuring the characters' lives rather than only delivering the story.[77]
Reviewers also appreciated the voice acting of the broad ensemble cast. Tom Scharpling's Greg,[78] Zach Callison's "exuberant and expressive"[79] work as Steven and Grace Rolek "singing her heart out" as Connie[76] were among the actors particularly noted for their performances.
Writing and themes[edit]
Steven Universe covers a broad range of themes, including a low-key slice of life portrayal of childhood, an examination of unconventional family dynamics, and an intensive homage to anime, video games and other pop culture mainstays, as well as being a "straightforward kids' show about superheroes", according to Thurm.[80] Jacob Hope Chapman of Anime News Network noted that the anime series Revolutionary Girl Utena and Sailor Moon are visually and structurally Steven Universe's strongest influences, as reflected in its "predominantly playful tone, interrupted by crushing drama at key moments", as well as in its "glorification of the strengths of femininity, dilution of gender barriers, and emphasis on a wide variety of relationships between women, aimed at a family audience".[81] Other Japanese cultural icons the series references include Neon Genesis Evangelion, Akira, Cowboy Bebop and Dragon Ball Z, as well as Studio Ghibli movies and Junji Ito's horror manga The Enigma of Amigara Fault.[81]
The series' "masterful sense of pace", wrote Whitbrook, allows the series to subtly integrate elements of foreshadowing and worldbuilding into individual scenes that almost imperceptibly make an overarching dramatic narrative emerge from what might appear to be "monster of the week" episodes.[70] The series's conceit of telling a complex story from a child's perspective means that its exposition remains "artfully restrained, growing in ambition with the series" and Steven's character, in the view of Thurm.[71] Steven Universe's measured pace also allows its characters to become "more complex and interesting than most of their counterparts on prestige dramas",[82] in Thurm's view, developing "as real people and not entities serving narrative functions".[79] The series explores increasingly challenging facets of their relationships, such as the notion that Pearl may in part resent Steven because he is why his mother Rose no longer exists,[83] or the point where Pearl's "all-consuming passion" for Rose[76] becomes self-destructive. Even the action showpieces are on occasion cast as philosophical arguments, such as when Estelle's song presents the climactic fight in "Jail Break" as the contest between Garnet's loving relationship and Jasper's "lone wolf" attitude.[82]
Adams highlighted the "groundbreaking and inventive" portrayal of the complicated "mentor/caregiver/older sibling dynamic" between Steven and the Crystal Gems[73] in a series that, at its core, is about sibling relationships, according to Sava.[74] A notable emotional difference to Adventure Time and Regular Show, wrote Thurm, is that while these series deal with their protagonists' transition to adulthood, Steven Universe was, at least in its first season, content to be "enamored with the simplicity of childhood".[75] Nonetheless, Thurm noted, by the first season's end, Steven had slowly grown from an obnoxious tag-along kid to being accepted as a Crystal Gem in his own right, a change brought about by increased insight and experience rather than merely age.[82] In The Mary Sue, Joe Cain noted that unlike many heroes from antiquity (such as Hercules) to modern fiction (Luke Skywalker and others), Steven is not defined by the legacy of his father, but his mother; and that the wealth of the series' important mother figures highlights how rare they are in genre fiction.[84] The alien nature of the Gems, which prevents them from fully understanding the world they are dedicated to protect, is also handled with "remarkable depth and intellectual rigor", according to Kat Smalley of PopMatters, even as the Gems are shown to deal with human issues such as the "depression, post-traumatic stress, and self-loathing" the long-past war for Earth has left them with.[85]
Smalley characterized Steven Universe as a prominent part of a growing trend toward cartoons that appeal to both adults and children, which also includes the series Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005), its sequel The Legend of Korra (2012), Adventure Time and Regular Show (both 2010). This is not only reflected in the series's outreach to minorities previously seldom appearing in animation, but also in its broader themes, according to Smalley – instead of delivering genre-typical mustache-twirling villains, the series "deals with issues of extraordinary violence and horror, depicts its characters in shades of grey, and subtly plays with matters of philosophy, morality, and interpersonal conflicts, all while refusing to reset any development to a status quo".[85]
Gender and sexuality[edit]

Pearl (left) and Steven's mother Rose Quartz share a close embrace in a flashback shot cut from the British broadcast. Their past relationship is gradually seen to inform Pearl's relationship with Steven and those around him.
"Gender is at the forefront of the conversation surrounding Steven Universe", according to Erik Adams in the A.V. Club, who noted as remarkable that "the show's superheroes are all women".[73] As, among other things, a self-aware pastiche of "magical girl" anime, the series subverts that genre's premises, according to Whitbrook, by having Steven, a boy, embody the loving femininity of the typical magical girl protagonist—without being mocked for it or losing his masculine side in turn. Whitbrook characterized the series as ultimately being "about love—all kinds of love", including nontraditional forms such as the both motherly and friendly bond between Steven and the Gems, as well as Garnet as the "physical embodiment of a lesbian relationship".[70]
Autostraddle's Mey Rude wrote that Steven Universe was the most recent animated series aimed at a younger audience to feature significant representation of queer themes, such as through the androgynous fusion Stevonnie and the overtly romantic relationship between the Gems Ruby and Sapphire. This, according to Rude, reflects the growing prominence of these themes in children's cartoons: previous depictions were either subtextual or minimal, such as in the 2011 Adventure Time episode "What Was Missing" or in the 2014 series Clarence, or more explicit but unexplored, such as in the 2014 finale of Nickelodeon's The Legend of Korra. In Steven Universe, on the other hand, LGBT themes appear prominently in the second half of the first season.[86]
According to Rebecca Sugar, her series' LGBT representation is not intended to make a point, but to help all children understand themselves and develop their identity. In her view, queer youth deserve to see themselves in stories just as much as other children—and, given pervasive heteronormativity, not allowing them to do so can be harmful. Moreover, Sugar said, LGBT children also deserve to see the prospect of love for themselves in the characters they identify with—the ideal of fulfilling partnership and true love, established as the one thing to aspire to by generations of Disney cartoons, extended to all.[87] In 2016, Sugar said at a panel that the LGBT themes in Steven Universe were also in large part based on her own experience as a bisexual woman.[88]
The series's cachet as "one of the most unabashedly queer shows on TV", according to The Guardian,[65] made it all the more controversial when, in 2016, Cartoon Network UK decided to cut a moment showing a close embrace between Rose and Pearl – but not a kiss between Rose and Greg – from the British broadcast.[89] The decision, explained by the network as intended to make the episode "more comfortable for local kids and their parents", was criticized as homophobic censorship by fans and in the media.[90][91]
In awarding the series a place on the honor list of the 2015 Tiptree Award, which recognizes works of science fiction or fantasy that explore and expand gender roles, the jury wrote: "In the context of children’s television, this show deals with gender in a much more open and mature way than is typical for the genre, and has some of the best writing of any cartoon. (...) In addition to showing men and women who do not necessarily conform to standard American gender ideals, the show also gives us an agender/non-binary character and a thoughtful exploration of growing up".[92]
Awards and nominations[edit]
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London (UCL).[5] After they formed under the name Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish.[6] Will Champion joined as drummer and backing vocalist, completing the lineup. Creative director Phil Harvey is often referred to as the fifth member by the band.[7] The band renamed themselves "Coldplay" in 1998,[8] before recording and releasing three EPs: Safety in 1998 and Brothers & Sisters and The Blue Room in 1999. The Blue Room was their first release on a major label, after signing to Parlophone.[9]
Coldplay achieved worldwide fame with the release of the single "Yellow" in 2000, followed in the same year by their debut album Parachutes, which was nominated for the Mercury Prize. The band's second album, A Rush of Blood to the Head (2002), was released to critical acclaim and won awards including NME's Album of the Year. Their next release, X&Y, the bestselling album worldwide in 2005, received mostly positive reviews, though some critics felt it was inferior to its predecessor. Their fourth studio album, Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends (2008), was produced by Brian Eno and released to largely positive reviews, earning several Grammy Award nominations and wins at the 51st Grammy Awards.[10] In October 2011, Coldplay released their fifth studio album, Mylo Xyloto, which topped the charts in over 34 countries and was the UK's best-selling rock album of 2011, but received mixed reviews,[11] In May 2014, they released their sixth album, Ghost Stories, which also received mixed reviews and topped several national album charts. In December 2015, the band released their seventh album, A Head Full of Dreams, which reached the top two in most major markets, but received generally mixed reviews.
Coldplay have won 62 awards from 209 nominations throughout their career, including nine Brit Awards—winning Best British Group four times—five MTV Video Music Awards and seven Grammy Awards from 31 nominations. They have sold more than 80 million records worldwide, making them one of the world's bestselling music artists.[12] In December 2009, Rolling Stone readers voted the group the fourth-best artist of the 2000s.[13] Coldplay have supported various social and political causes, such as Oxfam's Make Trade Fair campaign and Amnesty International. They have also performed at charity projects including Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief, One Love Manchester, The Secret Policeman's Ball, Sport Relief and the UK Teenage Cancer Trust.[14]
Contents  [hide] 
1	History
1.1	1996–1999: Formation and first years
1.2	1999–2001: Parachutes
1.3	2002–2004: A Rush of Blood to the Head
1.4	2004–2007: X&Y
1.5	2007–2010: Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends
1.6	2010–2012: Mylo Xyloto
1.7	2013–2014: Ghost Stories
1.8	2014–2017: A Head Full of Dreams
2	Musical style
3	Activism and commercial endorsements
4	Band members
5	Discography
6	Concert tours
7	Awards and nominations
8	See also
9	References
10	Further reading
11	External links
History
1996–1999: Formation and first years
Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland first met during their orientation week at University College London (UCL) in September 1996.[15] The pair spent the rest of the university year planning a band, ultimately forming a group called Pectoralz.[5] Guy Berryman, a classmate of Martin and Buckland, later joined the group. By 1997, the group, who had renamed themselves Starfish, performed gigs for local Camden promoters at small clubs.[6] Martin also had recruited his longtime school friend Phil Harvey, who was studying classics at the University of Oxford, to be the band's manager.[16] Coldplay have since accepted Harvey as the fifth member of the group.[8] The band's line-up was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties. Champion had grown up playing piano, guitar, bass, and tin whistle; he quickly learned the drums (despite having no previous experience).[5] The band finally settled on the name "Coldplay" which was suggested by Tim Crompton, a local student who had been using the name for his group.[8]
By 1997, Martin had met Classics student Tim Rice-Oxley. During a weekend in the English village Virginia Water in Surrey they asked each other to play their own songs on the piano. Martin, finding Rice-Oxley to be talented, asked him to be Coldplay's keyboard player but Rice-Oxley refused as his own band, Keane, was already active. Days after, this event would shape the second line-up of Keane and keep Coldplay's unaltered, thus leaving both bands as quartets.[17] In 1998, the band released 500 copies of the Safety EP.[18] Most of the discs were given to record companies and friends; only 50 copies remained for sale to the public. In December of that year, Coldplay signed to the independent label Fierce Panda.[18] Their first release was the three-track Brothers and Sisters EP, which they had quickly recorded over four days in February 1999.[18]
After completing their final examinations Coldplay signed a five-album contract with Parlophone in early 1999.[9] After making their first appearance at Glastonbury the band went into the studio to record a third EP, titled The Blue Room.[19] Five thousand copies were made available to the public in October[20] and the single "Bigger Stronger" received BBC Radio 1 airplay. The recording sessions for The Blue Room were tumultuous. Champion was briefly fired from the band, but Martin later pleaded with him to return after kicking him out, and because of his guilt, went on a drinking binge. Eventually, the band worked out their differences and put in place a new set of rules to keep the group intact. Inspired by bands like U2 and R.E.M., Coldplay decided that they would operate as a democracy. Additionally, the band determined they would fire anyone who used hard drugs.[21]
1999–2001: Parachutes
Main articles: Parachutes (album) and Parachutes Tour
The band initially planned to record their debut album in the space of two weeks. However, tours and other live performances caused the recording to spread out between September 1999 and April–May 2000.[22] The album was recorded at Rockfield Studios, Matrix Studios, and Wessex Sound Studios with producer Ken Nelson, although the majority of Parachutes' tracks were recorded at Liverpool's Parr Street Studios (where they accessed three studio rooms). The mixing process on all songs for the album was done by American engineer Michael Brauer in New York.[23] During that period, they played on the Carling Tour, which showcased up-and-coming acts.[24]
After releasing three EPs without a hit song, Coldplay had their first Top 40 hit with the lead single from Parachutes, "Shiver", which was released in March 2000 and peaked at number 35 position on the UK Singles Chart.[25] June 2000 was a pivotal moment in Coldplay's history: the band embarked on their first headlining tour, including a showing at the Glastonbury Festival. The band also released the breakthrough single "Yellow".[26] It was Coldplay's first release to reach the top five, rising to number four on the UK Singles Chart.[26] "Yellow" and "Shiver" were initially released as EPs in the spring of 2000.[27] The former was later released as a single in United Kingdom on 26 June 2000. In the United States, the song was released as the lead single from the then-untitled debut album. In October 2000, the track was sent to US college and alternative radio outlets.[28]
Coldplay released their first studio album, Parachutes, on 10 July 2000 in the United Kingdom via their record label, Parlophone. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart.[29] It was released on 7 November 2000 by record label Nettwerk in North America.[30] The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000, and it was also released as a cassette by US label Capitol in 2001. In the following year, Parlophone issued the album as an LP.[31] Four singles were released from Parachutes, including "Shiver" and "Yellow", and enjoyed popularity in the UK and US.[32] The third single was "Trouble", which reached number 10 in the UK charts.[33] It was released more than a year later in the US, and, although it did not make the Billboard Hot 100, it reached number 28 in the Alternative Songs chart.[34] In December 2001, the band released a limited-edition CD, Mince Spies, featuring a remix of "Yellow" and the Christmas song "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas". It was pressed to 1,000 copies, and was issued only to fans and journalists.[35]
Parachutes was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize in September 2000.[36] Having found success in Europe, the band set their sights on North America,[37] by releasing the album there in November 2000, and started the US Club Tour in February 2001.[38] At the 2001 Brit Awards in February, Coldplay earned awards for Best British Group, and Best British Album.[39] Although Parachutes was a slow-burning success in the United States, it eventually reached double-platinum status.[40] The album was critically well received and earned a Best Alternative Music Album honours at the 2002 Grammy Awards.[41] Chris Martin claimed, after the release of Parachutes, that the album's success was intended to elevate the band's status to the "biggest, best band in the world."[42] After single-handedly managing the band until early 2001, Phil Harvey resigned from his role due to the stress of performing a role usually requiring a team of people. Harvey then took on the role of "creative director" and is often referred as the official fifth member by the band, while Dave Holmes took over as the band's manager.
2002–2004: A Rush of Blood to the Head
Main articles: A Rush of Blood to the Head and A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour

Live performances during their 2002 tour were noted for their use of strobe lighting.
After the success of Parachutes, Coldplay returned to the studio in September 2001 to begin work on their second album, A Rush of Blood to the Head, once again with Ken Nelson producing. Since the band had never stayed in London before, they had trouble focusing. They decided to relocate in Liverpool, where they recorded some of the songs on Parachutes. Once there, vocalist Chris Martin said that they became obsessed with recording. "In My Place" was the first song recorded for the album. The band released it as the album's lead single because it was the track that made them want to record a second album, following a "strange period of not really knowing what we were doing" three months after the success of Parachutes. According to Martin "one thing kept us going: recording 'In My Place'. Then other songs started coming."[43]
The band wrote more than 20 songs for the album. Some of their new material, including "In My Place" and "Animals", was played live while the band was still touring Parachutes.[35][44] The album's title was revealed through a post on the band's official website.[45] The album was released in August 2002 and spawned several popular singles, including "In My Place", "Clocks", and the ballad "The Scientist". The latter was inspired by George Harrison's All Things Must Pass, which was released in 1970.[46]
Coldplay toured from June 2002 to September 2003 for the A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour. They visited five continents, including co-headlining festival dates at Glastonbury Festival,[20] V2003 and Rock Werchter. Many concerts showcased elaborate lighting and individualised screens reminiscent of U2's Elevation Tour and Nine Inch Nails' Fragility Tour.[47] During the extended tour, Coldplay recorded a live DVD and CD, Live 2003, at Sydney's Hordern Pavilion.[48] At the 2003 Brit Awards held at Earls Court, London, Coldplay received awards for Best British Group, and Best British Album.[39] On 28 August 2003, Coldplay performed "The Scientist" at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City, and won three awards.[49]
In December 2003, readers of Rolling Stone chose Coldplay as the best artist and the best band of the year.[50] At that time the band covered The Pretenders' 1983 song "2000 Miles" (which was made available for download on their official website). "2000 Miles" was the top selling UK download that year, with proceeds from the sales donated to Future Forests and Stop Handgun Violence campaigns.[51] A Rush of Blood to the Head won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2003 Grammy Awards.[52] At the 2004 Grammy Awards, Coldplay earned Record of the Year for "Clocks".[41]
2004–2007: X&Y
Main articles: X&Y and Twisted Logic Tour

Coldplay performing in Barcelona during their Twisted Logic Tour in 2005
Coldplay spent most of 2004 out of the spotlight, taking a break from touring and releasing a satire music video of a song from a fictional band titled The Nappies while recording their third album.[53] X&Y was released in June 2005 in UK and Europe.[54] This new, delayed release date had put the album back into the next fiscal year, actually causing EMI's stock to drop.[55][56] It became the best-selling album of 2005 with worldwide sales of 8.3 million.[57] The lead single, "Speed of Sound",[58] made its radio and online music store debut on 18 April and was released as a CD on 23 May 2005.[59] X&Y entered the album charts of 20 countries at the number one position[60] and was the third-fastest selling album in UK chart history.[61]
Two other singles were released that year: "Fix You" in September and "Talk" in December. Critical reaction to X&Y was mostly positive, though slightly less enthusiastic than that of its predecessor. The New York Times critic Jon Pareles described Coldplay as "the most insufferable band of the decade",[62] whereas NME awarded the album 9/10 calling it "Confident, bold, ambitious, bunged with singles and impossible to contain, 'X&Y' doesn't reinvent the wheel but it does reinforce Coldplay as the band of their time".[63] Comparisons between Coldplay and U2 became increasingly common.[64][65] Chris Martin later revealed that the reviews that ranged from mixed to negative, note-worthy for their remarks on comparing them to U2, made him feel "liberated".[66]
From June 2005 to March 2007, Coldplay went on their Twisted Logic Tour, which included festival dates like Coachella, Isle of Wight Festival, Glastonbury and the Austin City Limits Music Festival.[67] In July 2005, the band appeared at Live 8 in Hyde Park, where they played a rendition of The Verve's "Bitter Sweet Symphony" with Richard Ashcroft on vocals.[68] On 28 August, Coldplay performed "Speed of Sound" at the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards in Miami.[69] In September, Coldplay recorded a new version of "How You See the World" with reworked lyrics for War Child's Help!: A Day in the Life charity album.[70] In February 2006, Coldplay earned Best Album and Best Single honours at the Brit Awards.[71] Two more singles were released during 2006, "The Hardest Part" and "What If".
2007–2010: Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends
Main articles: Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, Viva la Vida Tour, and Prospekt's March
In October 2006, Coldplay began work on their fourth studio album, Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, with producer Brian Eno.[72] Taking a break from recording, the band toured Latin America in early 2007, finishing the Twisted Logic Tour by performing in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico.[73] After recording in churches and other venues in Latin America and Spain during their tour, the band said the album would likely reflect Hispanic influence.[74] The group spent the rest of the year recording most of the album with Eno.[75]

Performing live outside the BBC Television Centre during their Viva la Vida Tour in 2008
Martin described Viva la Vida as a new direction for Coldplay: a change from their past three albums, which they have referred to as a "trilogy".[76] He said the album featured less falsetto as he allowed his voice's lower register to take precedence.[76] Some songs, such as "Violet Hill", contain distorted guitar riffs and bluesy undertones.[76]
"Violet Hill" was confirmed as the first single, with a radio release date of 29 April 2008.[77] After the first play, it was freely obtainable from Coldplay's website from 12:15 pm (GMT +0) for one week (achieving two million downloads),[78] until it became commercially available to download on 6 May.[79][80] "Violet Hill" entered the UK Top 10, US Top 40 (entering the Top 10 in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart) and charted well in the rest of the world.[81] The title track, "Viva la Vida", was also released exclusively on iTunes. It became the band's first number one on the Billboard Hot 100,[82] and their first UK number one, based on download sales alone.[83] This was also the first Number One in the UK Singles Chart to be based solely on download sales.

Logo used in Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends and Prospekt's March.
Upon release, Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends topped the album charts worldwide, and was the world's best-selling album of 2008.[84] It hit number one on the UK album chart, despite having come on the market only three days previously. In that time, it sold 302,000 copies; the BBC called it "one of the fastest-selling records in UK history".[85] By the end of June, it had set a new record for most-downloaded album ever.[86][87] In October 2008, Coldplay won two Q Awards for Best Album for Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends and Best Act in the World Today.[88] On 9 November, Coldplay were named the World's Best Selling Act of 2008 at the World Music Awards in Monte Carlo.[89] They also picked up two other awards, World's Best Selling Rock Act and Great Britain's Best Selling Act.[90] The band followed up Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends with the Prospekt's March EP, which was released on 21 November 2008. The EP features tracks from the Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends sessions and,[91][92] as well as being available on its own, was issued as a bonus disc with later editions of Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends.[93] "Life in Technicolor II" was the only single released from the EP.

Coldplay performing in October 2008
Coldplay began their Viva la Vida Tour in June, with a free concert at Brixton Academy in London.[94] This was followed two days later by a 45-minute performance that was broadcast live from outside BBC Television Centre.[95] Released in late 2008, "Lost!" became the third single from the album, featuring a new version with Jay-Z. After performing the opening set on 14 March 2009 for Sound Relief at the Sydney Cricket Ground, Coldplay headlined a sold-out concert later that same night.[96] Sound Relief is a benefit concert for victims of the Victorian Bushfire Crisis and the Queensland Floods.[97] On 4 December 2008, Joe Satriani filed a copyright infringement suit against Coldplay in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Satriani's suit asserted that the Coldplay song "Viva la Vida" includes "substantial original portions" of the Satriani song "If I Could Fly" from his 2004 album, Is There Love in Space?. The Coldplay song in question received two Grammy Awards for "Song of the Year."[98] The band denied the allegation.[99][100] An unspecified settlement was ultimately reached between the parties.[101]
Coldplay were nominated for four awards at the 2009 Brit Awards: British Group, British Live Act, British Single ("Viva la Vida") and British Album (Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends).[102] At the 51st Grammy Awards in the same year, Coldplay won three Grammy Awards in the categories for Song of Year for "Viva la Vida", Best Rock Album for Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, and Best Vocal Pop Performance by a Duo or Group for "Viva la Vida".[103][104] A live album entitled LeftRightLeftRightLeft was recorded at various shows during the tour. LeftRightLeftRightLeft, released on 15 May 2009, was to be given away at the remaining concerts of their Viva la Vida tour. It was also released as a free download from their website.[105] Following the Viva la Vida Tour, Coldplay announced another "Latin America Tour" to take place in February and March 2010, in which they were to visit Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, and Colombia.[106] In October 2009, Coldplay won Song of the Year for "Viva la Vida" at The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) Awards in London.[107] In December 2009, Rolling Stone readers voted the group the fourth best artist of the 2000s.[13]
2010–2012: Mylo Xyloto
Main articles: Mylo Xyloto, Mylo Xyloto Tour, and Coldplay Live 2012

Coldplay playing at MuchMusic in Toronto, September 2011
The band finished recording the new album in mid-2011. When Martin and Champion were interviewed by BBC Radio and asked about the album's lyrical themes, Martin replied "It's about love, addiction, OCD, escape and working for someone you don't like."[108] When asked whether or not their fifth album would be out by the summer, Martin and Champion said that there was plenty of work to be done before releasing it. They confirmed several festival appearances before its release date, including a headlining spot at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival,[109] T in the Park,[110] Austin City Limits Music Festival,[111] Rock in Rio,[112] and Lollapalooza festival.[113]
In an interview on 13 January 2011, Coldplay mentioned two new songs to be included on their upcoming fifth album, "Princess of China" and "Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall".[114] In a February interview, Parlophone president Miles Leonard told HitQuarters that the band were still in the studio working on the album and that he expected the final version would appear "towards the autumn of this year".[115] On 31 May 2011, Coldplay announced that "Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall" was to be the first single for the fifth album. It was released on 3 June 2011. The band also presented five new songs at festivals during the summer of 2011, "Charlie Brown", "Hurts Like Heaven", "Us Against the World", "Princess of China" and "Major Minus".[116]

Coldplay performing in Atlanta, Georgia on 24 September 2011
On 12 August 2011, Coldplay announced via their official website that Mylo Xyloto was the new album title, and that it would be released on 24 October 2011.[117] On 12 September the band released "Paradise", the second single from their upcoming album Mylo Xyloto. On 23 September 2011, tickets for Coldplay's European tour officially went on sale. Demand proved to be very high with most venues selling out in seconds.[118] Mylo Xyloto was released on 24 October 2011, to mixed to positive reviews, and topped the charts in over 34 countries.[119][120][121]

Logo used for the release of Mylo Xyloto.
On 19 October 2011, Coldplay performed songs at Apple Inc.'s private memorial event for Steve Jobs, including "Viva la Vida", "Fix You", "Yellow" and "Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall".[122] On 26 October their "Amex Unstaged" concert at the Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas in Madrid, Spain, was streamed by YouTube as a live webcast directed by Anton Corbijn.[123] On 30 November 2011, Coldplay received three Grammy Award nominations for the 54th Annual Grammy Awards which took place on 12 February 2012 in Los Angeles, and the band performed with Rihanna at the ceremony.[124][125] On 12 January 2012, Coldplay were nominated for two Brit Awards.[126] On 21 February 2012, they were awarded the Brit Award for Best British Group for the third time.[127] The album was the best-selling rock album in the United Kingdom, selling 908,000 copies.[11] The album's second single, "Paradise", was also the best-selling rock single in the UK, selling 410,000 copies.[11] At the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards on 6 September, "Paradise" won the award for Best Rock Video.[128] Mylo Xyloto has sold over 8 million copies worldwide.[119]
Coldplay headlined the closing ceremony of the London 2012 Paralympic Games on 9 September 2012, where they performed alongside other artists including Rihanna and Jay-Z.[129] To tie in with their performance at the closing ceremony, the group gave permission for bands who were participating in the Bandstand Marathon the opportunity to perform their 2008 single "Viva la Vida" to celebrate the end of the games.[130]

The laser and light effects from the group's Mylo Xyloto Tour
In October 2012, the music video for Coldplay's song "Hurts Like Heaven" was released. The video was based on the story of Mylo Xyloto, a boy who grew up in tyranny ran by Major Minus. The fictional comics entitled Mylo Xyloto continued on the story portrayed in the music video when the series was released in early 2013. A concert documentary film Coldplay Live 2012 chronicles their tour in support of the Mylo Xyloto album. The film premiered theatrically for one night only, 13 November 2012, and was released on CD and home video on 19 November 2012.[131]
On 21 November, after a concert in Brisbane, Australia as part on the group's Mylo Xyloto Tour, Coldplay hinted they were set to take a three-year break from touring.[132][133] Coldplay performed two shows with Jay-Z in the Barclays Center, Brooklyn, New York, on 30 December and New Year's Eve, and were set, which ended the Mylo Xyloto Tour. The Mylo Xyloto Tour was named the fourth-highest-grossing tour worldwide of 2012 with more than $171.3 million earned in ticket sales.[134]
2013–2014: Ghost Stories
Main articles: Ghost Stories (Coldplay album) and Ghost Stories Tour
Speaking to Australian radio station 2Day FM, Chris Martin revealed that the title for their next album: "is much easier to pronounce."[133] Martin debunked speculation that they were taking a break from touring by saying, "This three-year break idea only came about because I said at a gig in Australia that we might not be back there for three years. That’s probably true, but that’s just how a world tour works. No chance are we taking a three-year break.”[135]
On 9 August 2013, Coldplay announced the release of their song, "Atlas", which featured on the soundtrack for the film The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.[136] Its release got pushed back to 6 September 2013 (everywhere but the UK) and 8 September (UK). In December 2013 it was announced that future Coldplay releases will be distributed by Atlantic Records in the US due to restructuring within Warner Music Group following the purchase of Parlophone Records from EMI.[137]
On 25 February 2014, the band unveiled "Midnight", a track from their yet-to-be released album.[138] In early March 2014, it was announced that the band's sixth album, Ghost Stories, would be released 19 May 2014.[139] Ghost Stories is a spiritually driven album that revolves around two major themes mentioned by Chris Martin. The album explores the idea of past actions, and the effects they can have on your future and one's capacity for unconditional love.[140] The band took a different approach for their sixth studio album in contrast to their previous studio albums, with Martin inviting the band to contribute original songwriting material for the album, as opposed to building songs off his ideas as they had done during previous recording sessions.[141]
From April to July, Coldplay embarked on a six-date Ghost Stories Tour in support of the album, playing 'intimate' shows in six cities: the Beacon Theatre in New York City on 5 May, Royce Hall in Los Angeles on 19 May, Casino de Paris in Paris on 28 May, Tokyo Dome City Hall in Tokyo on 12 June, Enmore Theatre in Sydney on 19 June, and closed the tour at the Royal Albert Hall in London on 2 July 2014.[142] The album was made available for pre-order on iTunes, alongside a new single titled "Magic".[143] Two more singles from the album, "A Sky Full of Stars" and "True Love", have since been released. Ghost Stories received generally mixed to favourable reviews.[144] The album topped the charts in the UK, the US, and most major markets.[145][146] It received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album and "A Sky Full of Stars" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.[147] In December 2014, Spotify named Coldplay the most-streamed band in the world for 2014, and third most-streamed artist behind Ed Sheeran and Eminem.[148]
2014–2017: A Head Full of Dreams
Main articles: A Head Full of Dreams, A Head Full of Dreams Tour, and Kaleidoscope (EP)

The band performing "Adventure of a Lifetime", during their headline setlist at Glastonbury 2016. The performance was their fifth at the festival, and a record-setting fourth as headliners.
On 4 December 2014, Chris Martin announced in an interview with Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 that Coldplay are in the middle of working on their seventh studio album, A Head Full of Dreams.[149][150] Martin stated it might be the band's final album and compared it to Harry Potter; "It's our seventh thing, and the way we look at it, it's like the last Harry Potter book or something like that."[151] He added that, unlike their promotion efforts for Ghost Stories, the band will tour for the seventh record.[151] In an interview with Jo Whiley on BBC Radio 2, Martin hinted at the style of the album by saying that the band was trying to make something colourful and uplifting, yet not bombast. He also stated that it will be something to "shuffle your feet" to.[152]
On 11 December 2014, the band unveiled a new song, "Miracles", which was written and recorded for the World War II drama film Unbroken directed by Angelina Jolie.[153] At the 2015 Billboard Music Awards on 17 May, Ghost Stories was named Top Rock Album.[154] On 26 September, Coldplay performed at the 2015 Global Citizen Festival in Central Park's Great Lawn in New York, an event organised by Chris Martin that advocates an end to extreme global poverty.[155] Coldplay, along with Beyoncé, Ed Sheeran and Pearl Jam, headlined the festival, which was broadcast on NBC in the US on 27 September and the BBC in the UK on 28 September.[155]

English actor Andy Serkis was a performance capture consultant for the band's "Adventure of a Lifetime" music video which saw them perform as chimpanzees.[156]
Speaking on Nick Grimshaw's Radio 1 Breakfast Show on the BBC on 6 November, Coldplay confirmed 4 December as the release date of A Head Full of Dreams, and a new song from the album, "Adventure of a Lifetime", premiered on the show.[157] The album features guest appearances from Beyoncé, Gwyneth Paltrow, Noel Gallagher, Tove Lo and Barack Obama.[157] The album reached number one in the UK, and number two in the US, Australia and Canada among others, where it was kept off the top spot by Adele's 25.[158][159] The music video for "Adventure of a Lifetime" featured the band performing as monkeys, and they were provided consultation with renowned performance capture actor Andy Serkis.[156]
On 27 November 2015, the first dates to their 2016 A Head Full of Dreams Tour were announced. Latin American and European legs were listed, which included three dates at Wembley Stadium, London in June.[160] The North America Tour, an extra Wembley concert, and an Oceania tour, were later added. On 5 December, the band headlined the opening day of the 2015 Jingle Bell Ball at London's O2 Arena.[161] On 7 February 2016 they headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show.[162][163] The band were joined by Beyoncé and Bruno Mars.[164] In April 2016, the band were named the sixth best selling artist worldwide in 2015.[165]
On 26 June 2016, Coldplay closed the final day of the Glastonbury Festival in England. Their performance included a duet with Barry Gibb, the last surviving member of the Bee Gees.[166] During the band's second night at Metlife Stadium in New Jersey on 18 July, Coldplay were joined onstage by Michael J. Fox to recreate a Back to the Future scene. Martin sang "Earth Angel" before introducing Fox onstage to join the band in performing the Chuck Berry classic "Johnny B. Goode".[167]
The band performed a full set in India for the first time as part of the Global Citizen Festival in Mumbai on 19 November 2016. This performance was attended by 80,000 people and also featured many Bollywood stars during the concert.[168][169] The same month, Coldplay announced in interviews with Absolute Radio and Magic Radio in London that they would be releasing new songs in a new EP called the "Kaleidoscope EP". Described as being made from a leftover "bag of ideas" from the recording of A Head Full of Dreams, Chris Martin stated that it would be released in "a couple of months".[170][171] The band later officially announced that the EP would be released in 2017.[172]
On 22 February 2017, the band released a long-awaited and teased collaboration track with EDM duo The Chainsmokers called "Something Just Like This". The song is set to be included into The Chainsmokers' new album Memories...Do Not Open.[173] Together, they debuted this song live at the 2017 Brit Awards with Chris Martin also performing a tribute song to the late George Michael.[174] On 2 March, Chris Martin's birthday, the band announced the Kaleidoscope EP release date for 2 June 2017, and released a track from the EP, "Hypnotised". The EP will include "Hypnotised", a live remix of "Something Just Like This" recorded in Tokyo, and three new songs.[175] The EP's release date was later pushed to July 14 with "All I Can Think About Is You" being released prior to the EP's release on June 15. [176]
Musical style
Martin once proclaimed the band's music as "limestone rock" in comparison to "hard rock".[177] The band's music has been called "meditative" and "blue romantic"; it "[reflects] on their emotions" and Martin "endlessly examine[s] his feelings".[178]

"The Scientist"
MENU0:00
From the album A Rush of Blood to the Head, Martin wrote "The Scientist" after listening to George Harrison's "All Things Must Pass".
"Fix You"
MENU0:00
Appearing on X&Y, the music of "Fix You" is built around a church-style organ.
Problems playing these files? See media help.
Coldplay started out as one of many earnest post-Britpop bands.[179] In the late 1990s, the EPs released by the band had characteristics of dream pop, setting them apart from later studio albums. The tone of the band's first studio album Parachutes, which saw them emerge as one of the most prominent modern bands in British popular culture, was described as melodic pop with "distorted guitar riffs and swishing percussion" but also being "exquisitely dark and artistically abrasive".[180] Such alternative rock style has been compared to bands like U2, Oasis, Radiohead and Travis.[180][181] The band acknowledges the Scottish alternative rock band, Travis, as a major influence on their earlier material.[182]
In their second studio album A Rush of Blood to the Head, the band drew inspiration from artists like Echo & the Bunnymen,[183] Kate Bush, George Harrison[46] and Muse.[184] The songs in it were considered to contain "lush melodies and a heartbreak" and that they had a "newfound confidence."[185] The music on their third release X&Y has been considered to be "ruminations on Martin's doubts, fears, hopes, and loves."[178] It was particularly influenced by the artists Johnny Cash and Kraftwerk.[186]
In Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, the group's style was moving towards art rock, being influenced by the bands Blur, Arcade Fire and My Bloody Valentine.[187] The band experimented with different instruments including orchestras, honky-tonk pianos and further so.[188][189] Mylo Xyloto carries the concept album format from the love and war-induced Viva la Vida. It also expands the spectrum by including electronic & acoustic elements, featuring upbeat tones for the first time and predominantly being a pop rock album, in stark contrast to the band's previous works. Lyrical influences were taken from graffiti and the German resistance group White Rose.[190]
Regarding the band's wide international success, Parlophone's president Miles Leonard has stated that one of Coldplay's "secrets" is that they have never sounded like a parochial UK artist, saying: "Some bands are very proud to be British, but sometimes come across as being very ‘British’. Coldplay never aspire to that; on one hand they sound British but on the other they sound like a huge global artist."[115] In 2011 Coldplay were hailed as 'rock statesmen'.[191]
Activism and commercial endorsements

Make Trade Fair, abbreviated as MTF, shown on Chris Martin's piano during a concert
Despite their worldwide popularity, the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media, refusing its use for product endorsements. In the past, Coldplay turned down multi-million dollar contracts from Gatorade, Diet Coke, and Gap, who wanted to use the songs "Yellow", "Trouble", and "Don't Panic" respectively.[192] According to frontman, Chris Martin, "We wouldn't be able to live with ourselves if we sold the songs' meanings like that."[192] The song "Viva la Vida" was featured in a commercial for the iTunes Store, advertising its exclusive availability of the single as a digital download on iTunes.[193] Additionally, Chris Martin appeared at an Apple Inc. Special Event on 1 September 2010, playing a number of songs, and also thanked Apple for their assistance in marketing "Viva la Vida".[194] After the death of Steve Jobs, Coldplay performed four songs at Apple's Campus in Cupertino, further thanking Jobs for the support he gave them.[195]
Coldplay supports Amnesty International and performed for them at The Secret Policeman's Ball fundraiser in 2012.[196] Martin is regarded as one of the most visible celebrity advocates for fair trade, supporting Oxfam's ongoing Make Trade Fair campaign.[197] He has been on trips with Oxfam to assess conditions, has appeared in its advertising campaign, and is known for wearing a "Make Trade Fair" wristband during public appearances (including at Coldplay concerts).[198] The band were also filmed for Make Poverty History, clicking their fingers.[199]
During the early years, Coldplay became widely known in the media for giving 10 per cent of the band's profits to charity,[200] which they continue to do.[201] Bassist Guy Berryman said, "You can make people aware of issues. It isn't very much effort for us at all, but if it can help people, then we want to do it."[196] The band also asks that any gifts intended for them are donated to charity, according to a response on the FAQ section of Coldplay's website. Martin spoke out against the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the US, UK and other forces during the Teenage Cancer Trust show at London's Royal Albert Hall on 24 March 2003, where he encouraged the sell-out crowd to "sing against war".[202] He would later endorse the US Democratic presidential candidates John Kerry[203] and Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 respectively.[204]
In June 2009, Coldplay began supporting Meat Free Monday, a food campaign started by Paul McCartney which attempts to help slow climate change by having at least one meat free day a week.[205] From 17 and 31 December 2009, Coldplay auctioned a quantity of significant band memorabilia, including their first guitars. Proceeds went to Kids Company, a charity which helps vulnerable children and young people in London.[206] A month later in January 2010, Coldplay performed a slightly modified version of "A Message", entitled "A Message 2010", at the Hope For Haiti Now telethon special, raising money for the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake.[207]
In 2011 Coldplay endorsed the song "Freedom for Palestine" by posting a link to the video. In less than a day 12,000 comments were made on that post. Some threatened to boycott the band, and a Facebook group was created that demanded an apology to Israel.[208] The link to the song was eventually removed from their Facebook wall.[209] According to Frank Barat of OneWorld, the link was not removed by Coldplay, but by Facebook after "thousands of people (and computer generated posts) reported it as abusive."[210]
Album Artists (www.albumartists.co.uk) staged an exhibition of art from Mylo Xyloto at Proud Gallery in Camden to support the charity Kids Company in November—December 2012.[211] The exhibition raised over £610,000 for the children's charity which supports disadvantaged children in London.[212] In November 2014, Martin joined the charity group Band Aid 30, performing alongside current British and Irish pop acts on the latest version of the track "Do They Know It's Christmas?" to raise money for the 2014 Ebola crisis in Western Africa—this was the second time Martin has contributed to a Band Aid recording having performed in the 2004 version (Band Aid 20).[213]
In June 2016 the band supported Vote Remain in the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum. Following the Brexit result which saw 52% of the UK voting to leave the EU (despite the majority of younger people voting remain), Chris Martin stated: "This decision does not represent us or indeed most of our generation and the generation following us."[214]
On 4 June 2017, Coldplay performed at the One Love Manchester benefit concert for the victims of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing where they also performed with Liam Gallagher on "Live Forever".[215]
Tokyo (Japanese: [to?kjo?] (About this sound listen), English: /'to?ki.o?/), officially Tokyo Metropolis,[6] is the capital of Japan and one of its 47 prefectures.[7] The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world.[8] It is the seat of the Emperor of Japan and the Japanese government. Tokyo is in the Kanto region on the southeastern side of the main island Honshu and includes the Izu Islands and Ogasawara Islands.[9] Formerly known as Edo, it has been the de facto seat of government since 1603 when Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu made the city his headquarters. It officially became the capital after Emperor Meiji moved his seat to the city from the old capital of Kyoto in 1868; at that time Edo was renamed Tokyo. Tokyo Metropolis was formed in 1943 from the merger of the former Tokyo Prefecture (??? Tokyo-fu) and the city of Tokyo (??? Tokyo-shi).
Tokyo is often referred to as a city, but is officially known and governed as a "metropolitan prefecture", which differs from and combines elements of a city and a prefecture, a characteristic unique to Tokyo. The Tokyo metropolitan government administers the 23 Special Wards of Tokyo (each governed as an individual city), which cover the area that was the City of Tokyo before it merged and became the metropolitan prefecture in 1943. The metropolitan government also administers 39 municipalities in the western part of the prefecture and the two outlying island chains. The population of the special wards is over 9 million people, with the total population of the prefecture exceeding 13 million. The prefecture is part of the world's most populous metropolitan area with upwards of 37.8 million people and the world's largest urban agglomeration economy. The city hosts 51 of the Fortune Global 500 companies, the highest number of any city in the world.[10] Tokyo ranked third in the International Financial Centres Development IndexEdit. The city is also home to various television networks such as Fuji TV, Tokyo MX, TV Tokyo, TV Asahi, Nippon Television, NHK and the Tokyo Broadcasting System.
Tokyo ranked first in the Global Economic Power Index and fourth in the Global Cities Index. The city is considered an alpha+ world city – as listed by the GaWC's 2008 inventory[11] – and in 2014, Tokyo was ranked first in the "Best overall experience" category of TripAdvisor's World City Survey (the city also ranked first in the following categories: "helpfulness of locals", "nightlife", "shopping", "local public transportation" and "cleanliness of streets").[12] In 2015, Tokyo was ranked as the 11th most expensive city for expatriates, according to the Mercer consulting firm,[13] and also the world's 11th most expensive city, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit's cost-of-living survey.[14] In 2015, Tokyo was named the Most Liveable City in the world by the magazine Monocle.[15] The Michelin Guide has awarded Tokyo by far the most Michelin stars of any city in the world.[16][17] Tokyo ranked first in the world in the Safe Cities Index.[18] The 2016 edition of QS Best Student Cities ranked Tokyo as the 3rd-best city in the world to be a university student.[19] Tokyo hosted the 1964 Summer Olympics, the 1979 G-7 summit, the 1986 G-7 summit, and the 1993 G-7 summit, and will host the 2020 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Contents  [hide] 
Tokyo was originally known as Edo (??), which means "estuary".[20] Its name was changed to Tokyo (?? Tokyo, ? to "east", and ? kyo "capital") when it became the imperial capital with the arrival of Emperor Meiji in 1868,[21] in line with the East Asian tradition of including the word capital (?) in the name of the capital city.[20] During the early Meiji period, the city was also called "Tokei", an alternative pronunciation for the same Chinese characters representing "Tokyo", making it a kanji homograph. Some surviving official English documents use the spelling "Tokei".[22] However, this pronunciation is now obsolete.[23]
The name Tokyo was first suggested in 1813 in the book Kondo Hisaku (ja) (Secret Plan of Commingling), written by Sato Nobuhiro.[citation needed] When Okubo Toshimichi proposed the renaming to the government during the Meiji Restoration, according to Oda Kanshi (????),[vague] he got the idea from that book.
History[edit]
Main articles: History of Tokyo and Timeline of Tokyo
Pre-1869 (Edo Period)[edit]

A painting depicting the Commodore Matthew Perry expedition and his first arrival to Japan in 1853
Tokyo was originally a small fishing village named Edo,[9] in what was formerly part of the old Musashi Province.[24] Edo was first fortified by the Edo clan, in the late twelfth century. In 1457, Ota Dokan built Edo Castle. In 1590, Tokugawa Ieyasu made Edo his base. When he became shogun in 1603, the town became the center of his nationwide military government. During the subsequent Edo period, Edo grew into one of the largest cities in the world with a population topping one million by the 18th century.[25] Edo became the de facto capital of Japan[26] even while the emperor lived in Kyoto, the imperial capital. During this time, the city enjoyed a prolonged period of peace known as the Pax Tokugawa, and in the presence of such peace, Edo adopted a stringent policy of seclusion, which helped to perpetuate the lack of any serious military threat to the city.[27] The absence of war-inflicted devastation allowed Edo to devote the majority of its resources to rebuilding in the wake of the consistent fires, earthquakes, and other devastating natural disasters that plagued the city. However, this prolonged period of seclusion came to an end with the arrival of American Commodore, Matthew C. Perry in 1853. Commodore Perry negotiated the opening of the ports of Shimoda and Hakodate, leading to an increase in the demand for new foreign goods and subsequently a severe rise in inflation.[28] Social unrest mounted in the wake of these higher prices and culminated in widespread rebellions and demonstrations, especially in the form of the "smashing" of rice establishments.[29] Meanwhile, supporters of the Meiji Emperor leveraged the disruption that these widespread rebellious demonstrations were causing to further consolidate power by overthrowing the last Tokugawa shogun, Yoshinobu, in 1867.[30] After about 263 years, the Pax Tokugawa came to an end.
1869–1943[edit]
Main articles: Tokyo City and Tokyo Prefecture

Ginza area in 1933
In 1869, the 17-year-old Emperor Meiji moved to Edo, and in accordance the city was renamed Tokyo (meaning Eastern Capital). The city was divided into Yamanote and Shitamachi. Tokyo was already the nation's political and cultural center,[31] and the emperor's residence made it a de facto imperial capital as well, with the former Edo Castle becoming the Imperial Palace. The city of Tokyo was officially established on May 1, 1889.
Central Tokyo, like Osaka, has been designed since about 1900 to be centered on major railway stations in a high-density fashion, so suburban railways were built relatively cheaply at street level and with their own right-of-way. This differs from many cities in the United States that are low-density and automobile-centric. Though expressways have been built in Tokyo, the basic design has not changed.
Tokyo went on to suffer two major catastrophes in the 20th century: the 1923 Great Kanto earthquake, which left 140,000 dead or missing; and World War II.[32]
1943–present[edit]

Tokyo burning in 1945
In 1943, the city of Tokyo merged with the "Metropolitan Prefecture" of Tokyo. Since then, the Tokyo metropolitan government served as both the prefecture government for Tokyo, as well as administering the Special wards of Tokyo, for what had previously been Tokyo City. World War II wrought widespread destruction of most of the city due to the persistent Allied air raids on Japan and the use of incendiary bombs. The bombing of Tokyo in 1944 and 1945 is estimated to have killed between 75,000 and 200,000 civilians and left more than half of the city destroyed.[33] The deadliest night of the war came on March 9–10, 1945, as nearly 700,000 incendiary bombs rained on the eastern half of the city, mainly in heavily residential wards. Two-fifths of the city were completely burned, more than 276,000 buildings were demolished, 100,000 civilians were killed, and 110,000 more were injured.[34][35] Between 1940 and 1945, the population of Japan's capital city dwindled from 6,700,000 to less than 2,800,000, with the majority of those who lost their homes living in "ramshackle, makeshift huts".[36]

The Tokyo Tower, built in 1958

2011 Tohoku earthquake did slight damage to the antenna of Tokyo Tower.
After the war, Tokyo was completely rebuilt, and was showcased to the world during the 1964 Summer Olympics. The 1970s brought new high-rise developments such as Sunshine 60, a new and controversial[37] airport at Narita in 1978 (some distance outside city limits), and a population increase to about 11 million (in the metropolitan area).
Tokyo's subway and commuter rail network became one of the busiest in the world[38] as more and more people moved to the area. In the 1980s, real estate prices skyrocketed during a real estate and debt bubble. The bubble burst in the early 1990s, and many companies, banks, and individuals were caught with mortgage backed debts while real estate was shrinking in value. A major recession followed, making the 1990s Japan's "Lost Decade"[39] from which it is now slowly recovering.
Tokyo still sees new urban developments on large lots of less profitable land. Recent projects include Ebisu Garden Place, Tennozu Isle, Shiodome, Roppongi Hills, Shinagawa (now also a Shinkansen station), and the Marunouchi side of Tokyo Station. Buildings of significance are demolished for more up-to-date shopping facilities such as Omotesando Hills.
Land reclamation projects in Tokyo have also been going on for centuries. The most prominent is the Odaiba area, now a major shopping and entertainment center. Various plans have been proposed[40] for transferring national government functions from Tokyo to secondary capitals in other regions of Japan, in order to slow down rapid development in Tokyo and revitalize economically lagging areas of the country. These plans have been controversial[41] within Japan and have yet to be realized.
The 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami that devastated much of the northeastern coast of Honshu was felt in Tokyo. However, due to Tokyo's earthquake-resistant infrastructure, damage in Tokyo was very minor compared to areas directly hit by the tsunami,[42] although activity in the city was largely halted.[43] The subsequent nuclear crisis caused by the tsunami has also largely left Tokyo unaffected, despite occasional spikes in radiation levels.[44][45]
On September 7, 2013, the IOC selected Tokyo to host the 2020 Summer Olympics. Tokyo will be the first Asian city to host the Olympic Games twice.[46]
Geography[edit]
Main articles: Tokyo Metropolitan Government and List of mergers in Tokyo

Satellite photo of Tokyo's 23 Special wards taken by NASA's Landsat 7

Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building
The mainland portion of Tokyo lies northwest of Tokyo Bay and measures about 90 km (56 mi) east to west and 25 km (16 mi) north to south. The average elevation in Tokyo is 40 m (131 ft).[47] Chiba Prefecture borders it to the east, Yamanashi to the west, Kanagawa to the south, and Saitama to the north. Mainland Tokyo is further subdivided into the special wards (occupying the eastern half) and the Tama area (????) stretching westwards.
Also within the administrative boundaries of Tokyo Metropolis are two island chains in the Pacific Ocean directly south: the Izu Islands, and the Ogasawara Islands, which stretch more than 1,000 km (620 mi) away from the mainland. Because of these islands and the mountainous regions to the west, Tokyo's overall population density figures far underrepresent the real figures for the urban and suburban regions of Tokyo.
Under Japanese law, Tokyo is designated as a to (?), translated as metropolis.[48] Its administrative structure is similar to that of Japan's other prefectures. The 23 special wards (??? -ku), which until 1943 constituted the city of Tokyo, are now separate, self-governing municipalities, each having a mayor, a council, and the status of a city.
In addition to these 23 special wards, Tokyo also includes 26 more cities (? -shi), five towns (? -cho or machi), and eight villages (? -son or -mura), each of which has a local government. The Tokyo Metropolitan Government, which administers the whole metropolis, is headed by a publicly elected governor and metropolitan assembly. Its headquarters are located in Shinjuku Ward.
 Tokyo Metropolis Map.svg
Special wards[edit]

A map of Tokyo's 23 Special wards
The special wards (??? tokubetsu-ku) of Tokyo comprise the area formerly incorporated as Tokyo City. On July 1, 1943, Tokyo City was merged with Tokyo Prefecture (??? Tokyo-fu) forming the current "metropolitan prefecture". As a result, unlike other city wards in Japan, these wards are not conterminous with a larger incorporated city. While falling under the jurisdiction of Tokyo Metropolitan Government, each ward is also a borough with its own elected leader and council, like other cities of Japan. The special wards use the word "city" in their official English name (e.g. Chiyoda City).
The wards differ from other cities in having a unique administrative relationship with the prefectural government. Certain municipal functions, such as waterworks, sewerage, and fire-fighting, are handled by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government. To pay for the added administrative costs, the prefecture collects municipal taxes, which would usually be levied by the city.[49]
The special wards of Tokyo are:

The "three central wards" of Tokyo – Chiyoda, Chuo and Minato – are the business core of the city, with a daytime population more than seven times higher than their nighttime population.[50] Chiyoda Ward is unique in that it is in the very heart of the former Tokyo City, yet is one of the least populated wards. It is occupied by many major Japanese companies, and is also the seat of the national government, and the Japanese emperor. It is often called the "political center" of the country.[51] Akihabara, known for being an otaku cultural center and a shopping district for computer goods, is also located in Chiyoda.
Tama Area (Western Tokyo)[edit]


Map of Nishi-Tama District in green
The far west is occupied by the district (gun) of Nishi-Tama. Much of this area is mountainous and unsuitable for urbanization. The highest mountain in Tokyo, Mount Kumotori, is 2,017 m (6,617 ft) high; other mountains in Tokyo include Takasu (1,737 m (5,699 ft)), Odake (1,266 m (4,154 ft)), and Mitake (929 m (3,048 ft)). Lake Okutama, on the Tama River near Yamanashi Prefecture, is Tokyo's largest lake. The district is composed of three towns (Hinode, Mizuho and Okutama) and one village (Hinohara).

Tama
 

Hachioji
 

Musashino
Islands[edit]

Map of the Izu Islands in black labels

Map of the Ogasawara Islands in black labels
Tokyo has numerous outlying islands, which extend as far as 1,850 km (1,150 mi) from central Tokyo. Because of the islands' distance from the administrative headquarters of the metropolitan government in Shinjuku, local offices administer them.
The Izu Islands are a group of volcanic islands and form part of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park. The islands in order from closest to Tokyo are Izu Oshima, Toshima, Nii-jima, Shikine-jima, Kozu-shima, Miyake-jima, Mikurajima, Hachijo-jima, and Aogashima. The Izu Islands are grouped into three subprefectures. Izu Oshima and Hachijojima are towns. The remaining islands are six villages, with Niijima and Shikinejima forming one village.
The Ogasawara Islands include, from north to south, Chichi-jima, Nishinoshima, Haha-jima, Kita Iwo Jima, Iwo Jima, and Minami Iwo Jima. Ogasawara also administers two tiny outlying islands: Minami Torishima, the easternmost point in Japan and at 1,850 km (1,150 mi) the most distant island from central Tokyo, and Okinotorishima, the southernmost point in Japan. Japan's claim on an exclusive economic zone (EEZ) surrounding Okinotorishima is contested by China and South Korea as they regard Okinotorishima as uninhabitable rocks which have no EEZ. The Iwo chain and the outlying islands have no permanent population, but host Japanese Self-Defense Forces personnel. Local populations are only found on Chichi-jima and Haha-jima. The islands form both Ogasawara Subprefecture and the village of Ogasawara, Tokyo.

Ogasawara National Park, a UNESCO World Natural Heritage site
As of March 31, 2008, 36% of the total land area of the prefecture was designated as Natural Parks (second only to Shiga Prefecture), namely the Chichibu Tama Kai, Fuji-Hakone-Izu, and Ogasawara National Parks (the last a UNESCO World Heritage Site); Meiji no Mori Takao Quasi-National Park; and Akikawa Kyuryo, Hamura Kusabana Kyuryo, Sayama, Takao Jinba, Takiyama, and Tama Kyuryo Prefectural Natural Parks.[53]
A number of museums are located in Ueno Park: Tokyo National Museum, National Museum of Nature and Science, Shitamachi Museum and National Museum for Western Art, among others. There are also art works and statues at several places in the park. There is also a zoo in the park, and the park is a popular destination to view cherry blossoms.
Seismicity[edit]

A sign with instructions in case of an earthquake (Shibuya)
Tokyo was hit by powerful earthquakes in 1703, 1782, 1812, 1855, 1923, and 2011.[54][55] The 1923 earthquake, with an estimated magnitude of 8.3, killed 142,000 people. Tokyo is near the boundary of three plates.
Climate[edit]
The former city of Tokyo and the majority of mainland Tokyo lie in the humid subtropical climate zone (Köppen climate classification Cfa),[56] with warm humid summers and generally cool winters with cold spells. The region, like much of Japan, experiences a one-month seasonal lag, with the warmest month being August, which averages 26.4 °C (79.5 °F), and the coolest month being January, averaging 5.2 °C (41.4 °F). The record low temperature is -9.2 °C (15.4 °F) on January 13, 1876 while the record high is 39.5 °C (103.1 °F) on July 20, 2004.[57] Annual rainfall averages nearly 1,530 millimetres (60.2 in), with a wetter summer and a drier winter. Snowfall is sporadic, but does occur almost annually.[58] Tokyo also often sees typhoons every year, though few are strong. The last one to hit was Fitow in 2007,[59][dubious – discuss] while the most rainy month since records began in 1876 has been October 2004 with 780 millimetres (30 in) of rain,[60] including 270.5 millimetres (10.6 in) on the ninth of that month.[61]
[hide]Climate data for Kitanomaru Park,[62] Chiyoda ward, Tokyo (1981–2010)

Source: Japan Meteorological Agency[65]
Tokyo's offshore territories' climates vary significantly from the city. The climate of Chichi-jima in Ogasawara village is on the boundary between the tropical savanna climate (Köppen classification Aw) and the humid subtropical climate (Köppen classification Cfa). It is approximately 1,000 km south of the Greater Tokyo Area resulting in different climatic conditions.
Tokyo's easternmost territory, the island of Minamitorishima (Marcus Island) in Ogasawara village, is in the tropical savanna climate zone (Köppen classification Aw). Tokyo's Izu and Ogasawara islands are affected by an average of 5.4 typhoons a year, compared to 3.1 in mainland Kanto.[66]
Cityscape[edit]
Architecture in Tokyo has largely been shaped by Tokyo's history. Twice in recent history has the metropolis been left in ruins: first in the 1923 Great Kanto earthquake and later after extensive firebombing in World War II.[67] Because of this, Tokyo's urban landscape consists mainly of modern and contemporary architecture, and older buildings are scarce.[67] Tokyo features many internationally famous forms of modern architecture including Tokyo International Forum, Asahi Beer Hall, Mode Gakuen Cocoon Tower, NTT Docomo Yoyogi Building and Rainbow Bridge. Tokyo also features two distinctive towers: Tokyo Tower and the new Tokyo Skytree which is the tallest tower in Japan and the second tallest structure in the world after the Burj Khalifa in Dubai.[68]
Tokyo also contains numerous parks and gardens. There are four national parks in Tokyo Prefecture, including the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park, which includes all of the Izu Islands.

Panoramic view of Tokyo from Tokyo Skytree
Environment[edit]
Tokyo has enacted a measure to cut greenhouse gases. Governor Shintaro Ishihara created Japan's first emissions cap system, aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emission by a total of 25% by 2020 from the 2000 level.[69] Tokyo is an example of an urban heat island, and the phenomenon is especially serious in its special wards.[59][70] According to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government,[71] the annual mean temperature has increased by about 3 °C (5.4 °F) over the past 100 years. Tokyo has been cited as a "convincing example of the relationship between urban growth and climate."[72]
In 2006, Tokyo enacted the "10 Year Project for Green Tokyo" to be realised by 2016. It set a goal of increasing roadside trees in Tokyo to 1 million (from 480,000), and adding 1,000 ha of green space 88 of which will be a new park named "Umi no Mori" (sea forest) which will be on a reclaimed island in Tokyo Bay which used to be a landfill.[73] From 2007 to 2010, 436 ha of the planned 1,000 ha of green space was created and 220,000 trees were planted bringing the total to 700,000. In 2014, road side trees in Tokyo have increased to 950,000 and a further 300 ha of green space has been added.[74]
Demographics[edit]
As of October 2012, the official intercensal estimate showed 13.506 million people in Tokyo with 9.214 million living within Tokyo's 23 wards.[75] During the daytime, the population swells by over 2.5 million as workers and students commute from adjacent areas. This effect is even more pronounced in the three central wards of Chiyoda, Chuo, and Minato, whose collective population as of the 2005 National Census was 326,000 at night, but 2.4 million during the day.[76]
In 1889, the Ministry of Home Affairs recorded 1,375,937 people in Tokyo City and a total of 1,694,292 people in Tokyo-fu.[77] In the same year, a total of 779 foreign nationals were recorded as residing in Tokyo. The most common nationality was British (209 residents), followed by United States nationals (182) and nationals of the Qing dynasty (137).[78]


Tokyo Skytree, the tallest tower in the world

Tokyo Stock Exchange

Ginza is a popular upscale shopping area of Tokyo as one of the most luxurious[vague] shopping districts in the world

Bank of Japan headquarters in Chuo, Tokyo

Tokyo Tower at Night

Shibuya attracts many tourists
Tokyo has the largest metropolitan economy in the world. According to a study conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Tokyo urban area 38 million people had a total GDP of $2 trillion in 2012 (at purchasing power parity), which topped that list. 51 of the companies listed on the Fortune Global 500 are based in Tokyo, almost twice that of the second-placed city (Paris).[80]
Tokyo is a major international finance center,[81] houses the headquarters of several of the world's largest investment banks and insurance companies, and serves as a hub for Japan's transportation, publishing, electronics and broadcasting industries. During the centralised growth of Japan's economy following World War II, many large firms moved their headquarters from cities such as Osaka (the historical commercial capital) to Tokyo, in an attempt to take advantage of better access to the government. This trend has begun to slow due to ongoing population growth in Tokyo and the high cost of living there.
Tokyo was rated by the Economist Intelligence Unit as the most expensive (highest cost-of-living) city in the world for 14 years in a row ending in 2006.[82]
Tokyo emerged as a leading international financial center (IFC) in the 1960s and has been described as one of the three "command centers" for the world economy, along with New York City and London.[83] The Japanese financial market opened up slowly in 1984 and accelerated its internationalisation with the "Japanese Big Bang" in 1998.[84] Despite the emergence of Singapore and Hong Kong as competing financial centers, the Tokyo IFC manages to keep a prominent position in Asia, for now. The Tokyo Stock Exchange is Japan's largest stock exchange, and third largest in the world by market capitalization and fourth largest by share turnover. In 1990 at the end of the Japanese asset price bubble, it accounted for more than 60% of the world stock market value.[85] Tokyo had 8,460 ha (20,900 acres) of agricultural land as of 2003,[86] according to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, placing it last among the nation's prefectures. The farmland is concentrated in Western Tokyo. Perishables such as vegetables, fruits, and flowers can be conveniently shipped to the markets in the eastern part of the prefecture. Komatsuna and spinach are the most important vegetables; as of 2000, Tokyo supplied 32.5% of the komatsuna sold at its central produce market.
With 36% of its area covered by forest, Tokyo has extensive growths of cryptomeria and Japanese cypress, especially in the mountainous western communities of Akiruno, Ome, Okutama, Hachioji, Hinode, and Hinohara. Decreases in the price of timber, increases in the cost of production, and advancing old age among the forestry population have resulted in a decline in Tokyo's output. In addition, pollen, especially from cryptomeria, is a major allergen for the nearby population centers. Tokyo Bay was once a major source of fish. Currently, most of Tokyo's fish production comes from the outer islands, such as Izu Oshima and Hachijojima. Skipjack tuna, nori, and aji are among the ocean products.
Tourism in Tokyo is also a contributor to the economy. In 2006, 4.81 million foreigners and 420 million Japanese visits to Tokyo were made; the economic value of these visits totaled 9.4 trillion yen according to the government of Tokyo. Many tourists visit the various downtowns, stores, and entertainment districts throughout the neighbourhoods of the special wards of Tokyo; particularly school children on class trips, a visit to Tokyo Tower is de rigueur. Cultural offerings include both omnipresent Japanese pop culture and associated districts such as Shibuya and Harajuku, subcultural attractions such as Studio Ghibli anime center, as well as museums like the Tokyo National Museum, which houses 37% of the country's artwork national treasures (87/233).
The Tsukiji Fish Market in central Tokyo is the biggest wholesale fish and seafood market in the world and also one of the largest wholesale food markets of any kind. The Tsukiji market holds strong to the traditions of its predecessor, the Nihombashi fish market, and serves some 50,000 buyers and sellers every day. Retailers, whole-sellers, auctioneers, and public citizens alike frequent the market, creating a unique microcosm of organized chaos that still continues to fuel the city and its food supply after over four centuries.[87]